>> Brian Holt: So now,
we are able to import our CSS files as if
they were like JavaScript,
which is weird but kind of cool.
Yeah, let's go into clientapp.js.
So, save this, first of all.
Go into clientapp.js.
First, we're gonna not
use MyTitle anymore.
You're welcome to keep it.
You're welcome to drop it.
Up to you, but
we will no longer be writing to it.
So, we're kind of starting
from the beginning again.
So in fact, I'm going to do just that.
And I'm going to start all over.
>> Brian Holt: Again,
this is in client app.js.
So, import react from react.
>> Brian Holt: Then we're
going to import render from react-dom.
Now this might look like
some wierd syntax to you.
This is just saying that the react-dom
package exports a render function.
I just want that.
Now, not only does that make it
a little bit more convenient for
writing I don't have to
say react-dom.render.
I can just call the render function.
But we talked a little bit about how
webpack can eliminate debt code.
This is saying the only thing I need
from react is the render function.
Include everything it needs to run that,
don't include anything else.
So this is giving webpack the opportunity
to eliminate a bunch of dead code
from the react-dom package for you.
I think that's pretty great.
You can disagree with me, but
you're wrong.
>> Brian Holt: Just kidding,
that's a really dumb thing to say,
okay, so.
[LAUGH] Any questions about that?
Yeah, that's all those curly braces mean.
It's like just give me
this particular piece.
Okay, and then here we're gonna
do that fancy pants CSS import.
So I'm gonna say,
../public/normalize.css and
import ../public/style.css.
So now, all of our styles
are going to be pulled in.
And just so you can see it, first of all,
I left you a little note there.
If anyone wants to look at my CCS,
this is bad CSS.
Do not write to your CSS this way.
So, I felt like if I wrote it in the file,
then you'd have to listen to me.
That almost never seems to work that way,
but whatever.
But I wrote it really structurally
based so that you don't have to write
a bunch of class names cuz that
gets really tedious really fast.
So, as long as you follow my naming
conventions and my structuring,
all the style just get comes for free.
Cuz look at somebody's lectures,
like they're just stupid.
>> Brian Holt: Like this one,
this is my favorite.
>> Brian Holt: I did that for you,
each and every one of you.
[LAUGH] Okay, so that's what style.css is.
Okay, and then we're just going
to start building our new app.
const App = React.createClass, okay.
Render and then return
and we are going to do,
div class name equals app.
So, another point of annoyance for
new comers to react and
I guess everyone for that matter.
It's not class it's class name, right?
And that's just something you gotta
get used to with writing React.
Now people starts to question why?
It seems like a silly thing to do.
Well, class is a JavaScript reserved word,
right?
So, unfortunately we just can't.
>> Brian Holt: But
I will say that it's not without
reason that they do it this way.
The name of the DOM API
to manipulate class or
read from class is actually className.
So that's actually where it comes from
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm not making it up,
it's still kind of dump though.
Okay, div className = 'landing',
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
and then we're gonna have a h1 here.
That's gonna be our brand name.
You can call it whatever you want.
I called mine svideo for
reasons I cannot remember.
I remember I wrote this at
like three in the morning so
that was the best brand name I could
come up with at that point in time.
There was probably whiskey involved.
I'm gonna put in input,
type equals text Placeholder
equals search under your closing
slash coz you need it and
then an a tag or browse all,
okay pretty much all is
application of what things that
we've already done.
>> Speaker 2: Question.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Any preference of using jsx
versus js for the extension?
>> Brian Holt: The answer is,
I don't really care.
The reason why I went with JS for
this particular workshop is that's
kind of the direction Facebook has gone,
as far as I can tell externally.
But some people like to make their
JSX files have the extension,
file extension JSX to like signify this
is the file that needs to be compiled.
I don't care.
As long as you like keep it straight I
don't think it really matters, okay.
Okay, and then we need to put
a render call down at the bottom app,
>> Brian Holt: DocumentsgetElementById
app, so this might look a little
weird to you right here, app.
But remember what this gets transpiled to.
This is just getting compiled
to react.createElements, so
might as well just write it that way.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
>> Brian Holt: I'll give you sec to finish
writing it down.
>> Speaker 3: Why
did you say app is and
carrots in the render call?
Or is React like,
is written like an HTML tag?
>> Brian Holt: Because if
you remember the way we wrote it
previously was React.createElement,
>> Brian Holt: App, right?
And then, so we were writing
React.createElement there, right?
It's like the there's a stamp and
then there's an individual stamp, right?
So we needed to make an individual stamp,
like one instance of that.
So instead of doing react.create element
here, since that's getting transpiled to
react.create element anyway,
we can just write it like that.
Does that make sense?
Cool, yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Question about syntax
highlighting.
If the JSX code, making that look
pretty and sublime, is that a different
package than the Babel package?
>> Brian Holt: Nope it's not, but
you need to actually use
the Babble package, right?
So, I know it's really tiny, I don't know
how to make it any bigger but the bottom
right here you can see JavaScript
with babble in parentheses right?
So, you need to make sure that you're
not using JavaScript right here,
you're using babble JavaScript babble.
Very key that you do that or
else it looks horrible.
>> Speaker 3: And also
the color theme you're using in sublime.
Might be changing at least the colors run.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I use
the one the comes with the battle package
which is Monachi, something or other.
Color scheme, Babel, Monachi Phoenix.
That's what I'm using.
I don't know if it's any better,
that just happens to be what I
use.
>> Brian Holt: Other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so save that.
>> Brian Holt: Let's see.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
cool, I'm about to do that.
So, we did Web Pack watch, that's fine.
So yeah,
make sure your Web Pack watch is running.
So npm run watch.
Wait for it to build.
It built.
We are gonna refresh.
I have a path problem, ha, path problems.
You probably should see
something like this.
Some of you might be
seeing background images.
But we'll fix this momentarily.
>> Brian Holt: Because
if you look at your,
you should be, inspector.
Anyway.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's should be more or
less what you're seeing here.
I think in the style.css
I messed up the path for
this.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so
if you wanna make this work now, you just
have to take off that leading slash and
I think that should work now.
We'll fix it so
that won't matter here momentarily anyway.
In fact you have to have the slash on,
so probably just leave it on.
You can also switch
the number there if you want.
I put one through five, if you want
different kinds of backgrounds.
But, whatever,
okay.
>> Brian Holt: Any
questions about this so far?
Let's go ahead and push a branch.
Yes.
>> Speaker 5: My webpack is angry that you
used the universal selector in the CSS.
>> Brian Holt: Is it?
>> Speaker 5: Why would that be?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah, Christopher is having
the same problem I think.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
kill your web pack and run it again.
Cuz that's something I
constantly forget to
do.
>> Speaker 5: All
right, we're happy.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Speaker 5: Thank
you.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
These are problems like constantly
happen over and over again.
It's like Groundhog's Day with these bugs.
But it always still happens.
>> Speaker 4: Jacob's asking you if we're
going to be using hot reload today?
>> Brian Holt: No.
>> Speaker 4: He's very tired of
refreshing.
>> Brian Holt: Well, tough shit, I guess.
[LAUGH] Sorry, Jacob.
I'm not doing hot module reload because
they are in the midst of rewriting and
the old one is not worth setting up,
and the new one's not done yet, so.
How module three is coming.
But it's still an early early alpha.
They told me that the APIs
are not near complete.
So, hashtag sorry not sorry.
[LAUGH]